I can't imagine the most of it on the paper this time
It's good to have a buddy
Okay
Hey hey. it's me
Happy birthday week
So I expect you're celebrating
When you think you're coming back? Let me know
Because you know. we miss you
Okay. don't have to worry...
Oh. oh. I need the other sun night now
I'm now. I'm now
This summer night. this summer night
Brigands
They've come from my swords
I guess it was only matter of time
We give them what they want
And then they'll leave
Mm-hmm
Is that a pie?
Yes
Oh
I know who you are
Krem of the Yellow Hills
Then you know why I'm here
My life's work
All in the shed in the back
Handcrafted weapons forged from the strongest steel that you or your brigand army will ever lay your filthy eyes on
You have what you want
Now leave
Show me the way
Not you
Her
Hey
No!!!
I
Kara Zoe-El
of
a new breed of
mind...
body and...
spirit...
I hereby declare
That 23 will be the best year yet
Let's be honest baby. It's not a very high bar to clear
Okay
Should we just move here? Maybe we're meant to be red sun folks. you know?
The kinds who feel things like...
Punch in the face. and like shots like whatever this is...
It's really good. yeah?
Maybe this is how...
Not gonna happen
Attention!
Attention!!!
Seriously?
I am Ruthye Marye Knoll of the Danastia clan. and I come here with one purpose
To seek revenge against Krem of the Yellow Hills
The brigand who has trespassed onto our planet murdered my innocent and honorable family in cold blood
Krem's ship was destroyed and I believe he's still searching for a passage off our planet
I will need a skilled tracker who can help me locate this monster before he escapes
- Dude. No
I don't- I don't have my powers here. alright?
- I will do the rest
- Not my monkeys. not my circus
- Ending his life to avenge my family
In exchange...
I offer you my family sword
Made by the hands of my father
Elias Knoll
The blade will be provided to you after I use it to take Krem's life
It's not my problem
- Elias know what you say?
Yes
A child your size expects to wirld such as weapon..
- I'm no child. I had my 13th turn this past harvest
Ah. and be taking on a brigand
Impossible.
- Eyes on what might be a problem
- You'll need someone of enormous power to defeat Krem
- I shall do the job myself
Uh-uh
Hold this
Let me talk to him
It's not too late
Well. let's not be a jerk
Just just give me back the sword. whoa
And we can move on
You don't steal from a little kid who just lost her parents like that
Man. it's so clearly over the line of acceptable behavior
You could at least help her find a...
God
Find them shithead who killed them and then you can get the sword like fair and square
Oh. you think I'm talking too much
No problem
I can talk less
You know. it was. that was less talking
I like that. Oh god. There it is. Wow
It's actually like a really beautiful piece of silver...
Hey look I'm bleeding
Oh. oh WTF!?
Okay. okay. give me a second. I'm a little a little winded
No. no. no. no
I believe this is yours
Thank you
I need to go a bit...
Stop. stop
Hey. I finally got you
Still. uh still celebrating. huh? - Yeah. what do you want?
It was just um just wanted to touch base about when you think you might be coming back
No idea
Kara. I'm just worried that if you keep going off planet like this you're never going to find your stride here in Metropolis
Or you might never find your people
That's the thing. Clark. I have no people.
- You know that...
I just mean maybe if you spend a little more time here you might feel more at home
Hold on
Okay. just um. give me a call and let me...
I am Ruthye Marie from the Danastia clan
And I have come here to seek revenge. - Yeah. some guy named Cream. Yeah. you already hit me with this pitch
So what? You're going--
Oh. door to door now? I would love to help you. but um. I can't. so I'm on the next door with you
Now if you'll excuse me. I really need to pee
Hmm
Was your ship attacked?
- Oh my god
Wait! Please!
Look. last night you stood up for the righteous. the just
- Look
If you think I'm going to lead you on the mountains through some sort of
revenge plot turning you into a psychotic...
child murderer. then you must be as they say... on glue
Come on man. we've got to be back up in the sky ASAP
Krem deserves what's coming to him
You go on driven by "deserve" then you'll end up.. very unhappy
Hey. buddy. it's gonna be okay. Okay?
The Pugantian toxin known as Rhythmia she says
Paralyzes the host slowly. and I'm sorry. but painfully
Eventually..
Stopping the heart
What can I do?
She says it's more difficult since Krem escaped off the planet. Moving him would risk accelerating the effects of the toxin
The Brigands carry the antidote on their person. they used it as an interrogation tactic
dangling relief and exchange for money.
information..
Whatever they're after.
Without the antidote. there's nothing she can do
How long does he have?
- Three moon raises
Okay. three days
Hey. I'm gonna go now
And you can't
You can't give up on me
I'm almost wherever you are. buddy
You
Are you going off to Krem for the antidote?
You could help me. No. we could help each other. You for the antidote. and me to kill him
Look. I'm...
I'm sorry about what happened to your family. Okay. I am. so he'll suffer..
No. he needs to be killed. - Ruthie. your revenge is not gonna get in the way of me saving my dog
Okay. just like. just stay here on the calf room
Okay
One. two..
Three moon raises
72 hours. buddy
[ foreign align language ]
He basically said welcome aboard. Please watch your step.
- Yeah
Sure he did
Gum?
Wow
Maybe give us all a break from that..
Hookah thingy?
Okay..
Comfy?
You got a clue what I'm saying?
The way I look like an idiot to you?
It's a big world
I'm sorry I didn't mean to
I was just trying to get through to my seat
Oh friggin...
Ruthye
You put your bag on the floor at her feet
Which is calling her mother a whore
Okay
Why aren't you with Crypto?
I'm searching for her myself
I think I was pretty clear..
When I said "no" to that plan
Excuse me. can you move over so I can sit next to my friend
Oh. your friend? That's just...
You're not my friend
Yes. I am
Okay
What's my name?
What?
[ foreign alien language ]. Lloyd
Who are they?
What do they want?
Scalarian invaders
They're like tech pirates
They want the bus. they want the fuel. they want the engine
Look away Lloyd. look away. look away
My guess is they want to rob us all blind first
Now. we're dead
I knew we should have called them sick today Lloyd
[ alien langauge ]
No. she doesn't
You know. she doesn't
Let go
Okay. let go
Between you and me
The sword
It's not worth much. you know. see it...
I have a plan
Kind of
Hey!
Do you ladies want a trade?
Because I would love that watch and sword back. and I'm pretty sure
that you would be interested in this!
Oh. sorry. wrong pocket. in this.
Oh. just getting my...
You see. let's...
Okay. this is unpleasant
No
Hey. how close are we to the yellow sun?
Slide from the bottom
Can you get any closer?
Yeah. sure. if I had a friggin' engine or some balls
But I have neither. so no
Perfect
Ooh. this is gonna be bad
Oh. sh--
When I asked for your help. I did not know you were so capable
Yeah. you won the lottery
Why couldn't you do that on my promise?
I got my powers from the yellow sun. the red sun makes me normal
Then why would you choose to be under a red sun?
Well. because the whiskey don't work so good when I'm like this
With abilities like that. you're sure to be able to take on Krem
Enough. you're coming with me to find Krem
Congratulations. you wore me down
You're gonna do it either way
At best you'll end up kidnapped. at worst you'll screw it up with the both of us
And. oh. I gotta save my dog
Just do what I say
Keep quiet. you don't die
There she is. it's flying sun lady
Good job. we kicked ass back there. huh?
We make a good team I think..
We're wondering if you could help us find the brigands. if you have any idea where they are
No idea. but I bet those Scalarians that you're tied up with my bus probably do
See. that is an idea
Here's an even better idea. don't abandon your daughter
These two's like shit. um. okay
I really don't have time for this. so let's get to it
Oh. it's okay. don't worry
I'll do the other side to even it out
If you tell me where to find Krem
And what will you give us in return?
Oh. that's a good question
Um...
And then text by an accord
So you're gonna talk or...
He's on Bilky
Nice try. Bilky's a dead planet
Dying. not dead
The atomic war's broad destruction
Half the population is gone
And the remaining resources have drawn filth from every corner of the galaxy
Filth. like the brigands. they scavenge for people
People?
For girls
Girls to help them continue their all-male race
Cool
So we're going to Bilky
All right. let's take you shopping
Perfect
Don't freak out
I'm not freaking out
You're not freaking out
Seems to me like you're freaking out
I might be freaking out
Okay
Good
Now you won't die
You could have done that sooner
Yep
On your planet
Earth
Do they have powers like you?
Uh no. it's a pretty small group of two
Who's the other one?
They call him Superman
I call him Clark. he's my cousin
And you're a superwoman?
Supergirl
Are you considerably younger than he is?
Uh. it's like ten years give or take?
How come he's a man? I mean you're...
Let's find some brigands
Shit
Thank you
I know she's worth a lot around here
I'm aware
Let me have her
And you can walk out alive
Tempting
But I'm just switching subjects here
Do you have any information on the brigands?
That sort of information's gonna cost you
I'll tell you what
I'll armrest you for her
Seriously. you win and you can have us both
I win
And you can tell us where the brigands are
Deal
How about you play with me?
Yeah
You ready?
Okay
This does not look like this is gonna end well..
For you guys
I mean
Anybody want to leave?
No?
Okay
Let's not hurt the merchandise
What if you sit down over there?
Keep playing
You know. it's like the Titanic
Yeah
Okay boys
Fingers on triggers
Yeah?
Okay. let's go
How was that discreet?
You broke that man's arm!
Okay. I'm...look. I'm...I'm sorry
Okay?
My dog's dying
So I don't really have the patience that I should have right now
Okay?
Oh. you don't have to add...
No. no. no. no. no. it's good. it's good
Oh. I didn't know that he spoke the common tongue
Little
Merrick
Bomar
Look. well. we're actually here looking for somebody
You don't happen to know any brigands. do you?
Shit
It's Lobo
Who?
- Keep quiet
No eye contact
He's in a mortal with the God Complex
Killed off his entire planet
Not a fun guy. Hey!
Three more. whatever you call that shit
I'm looking for Brigand
Goes by the name of Drum Baxter
He's looking for brigands
Red Mohawk
Dead left eye
He's so rude
No. I know he was here
You're saying he wasn't
I'm gonna go
- Sit down
Are you calling me a liar?
No
Well. I am
But not about this
It's worth a lot of money to care my old year
Excuse me
Go away!
I am Ruthie Marye Knoll of the Danastia clan
Who cares?
And I come here with one purpose
To seek revenge against Krem of the Yellow Hills
We could help you take on the brigands
You're going to help me...
Do you know who you're speaking to?
Which you like to find out?
Hi. we're just a couple of girls from Metropolis. USA
We're doing a formal tour of space
It's for my birthday
Yeah. we've been on what is it. like three planet so far?
And I'm exhausted
You know. like. OMG. I had no idea that space was so. like. vast and...
You stop!
You're hurting my head
Oh
You all have been super useless
Happy birthday
Useless
We know friend
No brigands
Our house. meet. we walk
But not safe for Ruthye
Where is?
Bomar. get friend and meet home
Wait
Wait here
Girl is tired
Rest
I hope Bomar will be here with your friend?
Soon
So is Superman like you?
Grumpy?
Rude?
YOu're using that word?
Of course
Seems to be something you do intentionally
Okay
Is Superman not that way?
Clarke?
No. he's a freaking nerd
Let's just say I'm not alike
And because?
I don't know. he sees the good and everyone and I see the truth
So you think he's naive?
No. but he's young
You said he's older than you
Yeah. it's not his age that makes him young. it's his heart
There are just some things you never had to go through
So his heart is light
You know?
It's not like mine. or Bomar's. or you
What's that like?
I'm not really from Earth. Ruthye
I'm from another planet
Krypton
I thought everyone died the day the core erupted
No. Krypton did not die that day
The gods are not that kind
My father and his brother. Jor-El. tried to warn the council of what was coming
But no one listened
That was eight years before I was born.
Honestly. I didn't have a clue that our goal is different from any other planet.
I thought we were lucky.
But luck. almost by definition. runs out.
No...
Kara!
What are you doing here?
So yeah. when I say I know what it's like. I'm not talking out of my ass. Ruthye.
That grief is a killer. you know?
It can make you want to break bad or get revenge. but I don't think any of those things..
are going to lead you to where you want to go.
So what does?
When did you stop feeling angry?
Any day now.
Um. I'm going to check on him.
Stay here.
What's your friend?
They come now.
Sit.
It's a recipe from my mother. from her mother. and her mother's mother.
A little bitter.
Thank you.
Drink.
How does your friend know the brigands?
We all know the brigands.
But you said..
- Brigands come here. take girls.
They come here to take our girl.
Sarna.
Yeah. your daughter.
The pictures.
What did she give me?
Sorry. sorry. Stop drinking.
Stop drinking.
Did you get this poison from the brigands?
No. understand.
You shouldn't be..
- Paralyzed.
This is just really going to suck.
Milk.
Why?
Well. it coats your stomach if you've been poisoned.
Cloth man. it's a white liquid.
Help me out of here.
What kind of milk is that?
Chucan.
Oh. I got it.
Okay.
So you sold me out for what?
What are you getting in return?
Speak.
One girl for two girls.
Oh.
Hello.
Are you okay?
What?
I heard you were looking for me.
Technically. you found me.
Whoa.
Hey. man. can you just give me one second?
It's done.
Thanks.
I needed that.
Let's go.
You grabbed your puppy's antidote.
Kara!
Help me!
Help!
Sorry.
Are you drunk?
No.
Hey.
She don't look very poisoned to me. eh?
You smell a vomit
- because they poisoned me.
Oh. and I am fine.
Thank you for asking.
Huh?
Don't move.
Run!
Drum Baxter.
There's a lot of rich dipshit looking for you.
Screw you. old man.
Shit.
Sarna!
Don't move.
Ouch.
Aren't you the ditz from that dive bar?
Funny.
That's what I've been calling you.
Touché.
Oh. that's ballsy!
Drum Baxter!
You just made me angry.
No!
Gotcha. bastard!
Sarna!
You okay?
Yeah?
Get her out of here.
She's the last one.
Go!
Come on. Krem.
Where's my antidote?
I don't like to play games.
I can play games.
I can smell you.
I told you not to move.
I had him!
Hide.
Shit!
Sarna!
No!
Rah!
They're dead.
Because you don't let me do what can be done.
Ruthye. I'm not letting you kill that man.
Why not?
Look at the suffering he leaves in his wake.
Why does he get to be alive?
Okay. okay.
Stop freaking out.
Get off!
Don't tell me!
Not to freak out.
I'm allowed.
Tell me why.
Because it'll mess you up.
You think it'll make you feel better?
It won't.
It'll harm you for the rest of your life.
Is that what you want?
So I just be just like you?
Constantly...
Leaving your planet to drink yourself into a stupor.
Drunk all of the time so you never have to feel anything?
Guess what?
I too want to free myself of this pain.
And I do not want to be like you.
Okay.
Then why didn't you go find whatever
dimensional portal he just passed through?
All by yourself.
I don't want to die.
Hey!
Squidward!
Where are the brigands?
No idea.
Really?
Bullshit.
I have less than 24 hours to save my dog.
So you tell me where the brigands are.
And I won't turn you to a hand puppet.
Okay?
Okay.
We'll have to wear these.
Let's go.
This is as close as we get.
Hi there.
I've been tracking your ship for the last month.
I believe you're from Krypton.
And so am I.
Clark.
I'm sorry. I don't...
I don't speak Kryptonian. I didn't ever... shoot.
I wasn't raised there. so...
I wasn't raised there. Why am I talking louder?
Let me help you.
It's a feisty little guy.
It's cute.
Is it okay if I...
Watch your step there.
It might be slippery. so...
Is this some...
I'll grab it.
Ah. okay.
Ah. yeah. Pretty cool. huh?
Don't worry. We don't actually live here.
There's a lot more to Earth than just this place.
Big city.
Lots of stuff to do.
Bowling. that's fun.
It was a big adjustment for me. you know. coming from Kansas.
You know. a small town kind of guy. but. uh. you know. Kansas?
No. Why would you know Kansas?
What am I...?
You can't understand a word that I'm saying right now.
It's okay.
You will one day.
And you'll also learn to love this place. just like I have.
Promise.
Why is he wearing his underwear outside?
Oh. should mention...
your powers are going to start kicking in right about...
now.
I thought that the shelter might help.
Was I right?
What?
What did you...
I saw you boarding that man's ship.
So I sneak into the cargo hold.
What is this place?
That's my prison.
The brilliance now does the plan of orbits between two suns.
And now the green sun.
Can you help me?
Cram left your ship on Bilky.
And I found this.
Thought that it might help.
It's just a stupid suit. Ruthye.
It doesn't do anything.
My dog.
My good dog.
I don't have what it takes to save your life.
You...
My angelic...
- Kara.
Don't freak out.
I'm so sorry for saying I didn't want to be like you.
I mean...
You're not always nice. but you're kind.
And you're not always perfect. but you're good.
So thank you for taking me with you.
Water.
Umph!
Thank you. I guess
On top of those bars and poisoned tips. the pain befallen noisy deaths so if you could not disturb my nap it'll be great.
And why should I trust you?
You shouldn't.
My assumption is that you've tried and failed at numerous ways to get out of here.
Why are you in here?
You're not going to let me nap. are you?
Did you get caught?
I just don't get caught.
They set traps and then they wait.
Well. I'm not interested in waiting.
Soon I will find Krem and do what needs to be done.
Is there a bounty on this head that I don't know about?
No. I'm not off to the money. I'm off to the revenge.
Ugh. Overrated.
He murdered my innocent and honorable family in cold blood.
Oh. there must have been a reason.
We gave him what he came for.
He killed him for nothing. for sport!
That's a reason.
He has no honour.
No...
Code..
Like you. I can imagine.
My code is a iron you little shit. and make no mistake...
I kill for the money.
Not sport.
And I never go back on my word.
I think your friend is in trouble.
If she's still alive.
You know. green sun. and Kryptionians..
It's not good to have a combination.
It's very difficult.
You fragile excuse for a man.
What?
More revolting than the excrement on the bottom of your shoe.
Wow.
So many words?
Huh?
But you don't need them here.
I'm going to tell you something.
Come on. turn around.
Look at me.
I want to propose a deal.
You'll tell me where we can find your friend.
And I will let you live.
Huh?
Oh.
Bye-bye.
This one dies before the end of the day.
Please.
I don't want to die.
Please. just don't...
Don't let me die.
Come on.
I'm begging you.
Please. just take me to Krem.
Please. take me to Krem.
I'll tell them where you can find my friend.
Please.
What's her problem?
She wants to see Krem.
Take her to him.
Thank you.
Just take me to Krem.
I'll be good.
I promise.
I'll do whatever he says.
I'll tell them what he needs to know.
Then we'll do this procession.
Thank you so much.
That was amazing.
You're a little savage. aren't you?
I knew it.
I knew you had it in you.
I could see it.
Come back.
Aren't you forgetting something?
Come on back.
Fine.
There she is.
Only if you help us take down the brigands.
Oh. they're going to suffer.
I'm very proud of you.
Told you my plan would work.
That's this way.
I got my chopper and my gun who'll come on sash.
This is very impressive.
Bullshit.
He said that he can't.
He's just flying off.
I know it's pretty colorful. but...
That's just so everyone knows we're good.
I heard you were calling me from down there. is that true?
No. look at me. Look at me.
Do it. Better make it quick.
You know. we have been formally introduced.
Hi. I'm the bitch who's Doc you shot.
Feel the power!
Look at this. I made it especially for you express.
It's Kryptonite Delight.
It's Kryptonite Crystal.
I never tested it on anybody but looking at you...
It works.
You?
Well your eyes are beautiful. you cry.
A lot of pain. a lot of suffering.
I don't fight to see you suffer.
So we will end the suffering.
Rhom!
Gotcha. bastards!
Travel size. it's always easier.
Not the abs.
That was a great kill.
Kid wants revenge. she should have it.
It's not that simple.
It seems pretty simple to me.
See you. ditz.
Hey. you alright?
The brides. they're still in there.
Stay here.
It's a beautiful sword from your father.
I'm sure you would love to put it deep in my heart.
Come on.
Let's save you. I killed her. huh?
May this blade put an end to all of the suffering you've caused.
Ruthye?
No.
You can't stop me.
I won't.
But if you kill him. it won't take your pain away.
I feel I have to carry him with you for the rest of your life.
So what?
I'm already ruined.
No.
Your heart is still good and open.
Show him who you are.
You're a Ruthye Marye Knoll from the Danastia clan.
Your family is with you.
Even now.
Your life...
will be your revenge.
Hey.
This should never have happened.
It's okay.
I wish things were like it was before.
I know. me too.
Okay.
You've gotta walk away.
Before you change your mind.
Okay?
You think you saved her soul?
Won't be anything left worth saving when I...
That's for my dog.
Yeah.
And this is for what you did to that poor girl.
Hey. buddy.
I told you I'd be back.
You miss me?
Yes. I'm...
I'm very excited...
to see you too. buddy.
Okay. okay.
Crypto! You're giving me a..
Pink-eye. man. Stop. stop. stop!
Crypto.
Oh. good boy.
We've got to head out. but you're...
You're good. right?
Yes.
I'm going to stay with my aunt. and...
I might start making swords like my dad.
That's a great idea.
So. will you be heading back to your pub crawl?
No. judgement.
Um. no.
I think my pub crawl days are behind me.
I'm really glad that I met you. Ruthye.
And me. too.
So. I...
I guess this is goodbye.
Goodbye. Kara.
Come on. Crypto.
I'm going to regret this.
I never finished celebrating my birthday.
Yes. yes. of course.
Thank you. thank you. thank you.
Don't thank me yet. you're buying. right?
Come on.
You could be gone for a couple of days. right?
Your aunt's not going to freak out?
She won't freak out.
Hi.
Did you have a good trip?
Yeah
Birthdays have always been kinda tricky for me too
- Yeah
It was good too. y'know. in in own sort of way
- Good
How are things been here with you?
Yeah yeah. busy...
- Mmm? -Yeah
Could've used your help on this last guy. I mean..
I could always use your help but I know you have places to be.
No
Yeah. I think I wanna stay a while this time
Stay here?
- Yeah
Oh good.
Crypto. come on man!
- Where's he gonna stay?
Sorry. he's just... we are... just happy to be at home.
I am also... happy
He's eating the chocolate. it's chocolate.
Crypto! No. don't eat that. don't eat that!